Adds locomanipulation data generation via. disjoint navigation (#3259)
isaac-sim/IsaacLab: docs/source/overview/locomanipulation.rst

> .. _locomanipulation:

Reviewer: should we move this page under imitation learning? not sure if it makes sense for it to be on the root level in overview

Locomanipulation Data Generation
================================

This tutorial demonstrates how you can generate diverse locomanipulation
trajectories from static manipulation recordings.

> The overall workflow is as follows

Author: We've merged removed this doc page and merged into the existing imitation-learning/teleop_imitation.rst page

1. Record a static manipulation trajectory of "picking up" and "dropping off" an object.

>    In this phase, the robot base is stationary.  This is done by human teleoperation.

Reviewer 2: "the robot base is stationary" This is ambiguous. Maybe "in-place" since the base (which is root of the robot) will move.

> 2. Augment the static manipulation trajectory using mimic data generation pipeline.  This will

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Augment the in-place manipulation trajectory using mimic data generation pipeline. This will
```

Reviewer 2: @michaellin6 can you please confirm? Is the data collected using a floating base config or fixed base config?

You may skip to step (2) using the following recording: ...

TODO:  reference manipulation teleoperation and provide pre-recorded teleop dataset

Step 2 - Mimic data augmentation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Second, augment the static manipulation trajectory by running the mimic pipeline.

TODO: reference mimic data generation and provide pre-recorded mimic dataset

Step 3 - Locomanipulation data generation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Third, run the disjoint navigation replay data generation script to generate end-to-end
locomanipulation data from the static recordings.

If you are using the dataset generated above, you can use the following command.

.. code:: bash

    ./isaaclab.sh -p \
        scripts/imitation_learning/disjoint_navigation/replay.py \
        --device cpu \
        --kit_args="--enable isaacsim.replicator.mobility_gen" \
        --dataset="datasets/dataset_generated_g1_locomotion_teacher.hdf5" \
        --num_runs=1 \
        --lift_step=50 \
        --navigate_step=100 \
        --output_dir=datasets \
        --output_file_name=dataset_generated_disjoint_nav.hdf5

> If you are using a different trajectory, you will need to change some parameters.  Notably, you will need to set

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are using a different trajectory, you will need to change some parameters. Notably, you will need to set
```

> - --lift_step - The step index where the robot has finished grasping the object and is ready to lift it

Reviewer 2: In mimic, they use the object height change for this purpose. Can we do the same here? This is quite manual.
